Document config entry removal from device (#1215)
home-assistant/developers.home-assistant: docs/device_registry_index.md

## What is a device?

> A device in Home Assistant represents either physical device that has its own control unit, or a service. The control unit itself does not have to be smart, but it should be in control of what happens. For example, an Ecobee thermostat with 4 room sensors equals 5 devices in Home Assistant, one for the thermostat including all sensors inside it, and one for each sensor. Each device exists in a specific geographical area, and may have more than one input or output within that area.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A device in Home Assistant represents either a physical device that has its own control unit, or a service. The control unit itself does not have to be smart, but it should be in control of what happens. For example, an Ecobee thermostat with 4 room sensors equals 5 devices in Home Assistant, one for the thermostat including all sensors inside it, and one for each sensor. Each device exists in a specific geographical area, and may have more than one input or output within that area.
```

    hw_version=config.hwversion,
)
```

## Removing devices

> Integrations can opt-in to allow the user to delete a device from the UI. To opt-in to allow removing devices, the integration should implement `async_remove_config_entry_device` in its `__init__.py`. If the device is shared between multiple config enries, only the config entry opting in to removing devices will be removed from the device.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Integrations can opt-in to allow the user to delete a device from the UI. To opt-in to allow removing devices, the integration should implement `async_remove_config_entry_device` in its `__init__.py`. If the device is shared between multiple config entries, only the config entry opting into removing devices will be removed from the device.
```
